Today's guest is uh well, dude's a
straightup tech lord, let's be honest.
He's uh he's one of the leaders, the
world leaders in the development of AI.
Um he started Open AI, which is known
for uh having chat GPT.
Uh we had a fascinating chat about the
pros and cons, um the fears and hopes,
everything I could learn about uh about
artificial intelligence and where we're
headed. TBD baby. Today's guest is Mr.
Sam Alman and I'm very thankful for his
time
[Music]
and I will find a song. I will sing it.
[Applause]
You know, we had a residential architect
do this office. We wanted it to feel
like someone's like really comfortable
like country house or something like
that.
Yeah. Not like the big corporate like
sci-fi castle.
Yeah, that's what I was I was like a
little bit like, oh, is it going to be,
you know, will there be a drawer bridge?
Will we be uploaded into a suite? Like
what will happen to us? You
don't want that. We going for like
residential.
Yeah. I was like, how do we even get
through the firewall? How many like hit
points will we need to get through? You
know, it got very Dungeons and Dragons
uh in some of my like um imagination
sometimes.
Yeah, we want people to feel like super
comfortable and tried to get pretty far
in that direction.
It feels like it. and your staff's very
sweet, nice people. Um, you have Thanks
for hanging out, man.
Absolutely. Thanks for appreciate it.
Uh, yeah, I haven't seen you since I
fell out of my chair.
Fell out of a chair at the inauguration.
That was really like quite a way to meet
you.
Yeah, I felt so embarrassed. And you
were one of the faces that I looked up
and saw and I was like, "God." And that
was my first moment like, "AI build us a
better chair to be honest with you."
You and you did nothing, right? You were
just sitting there and it just
collapsed. Nothing.
I remember that.
And it was just so embarrassing. I was
like, "Oh, of all people me and here I
am in this place." And uh
I think it was perfect because
everybody's got to have some sto when
people are like, "Oh, was the
inauguration?" Like, everybody's got to
have some story to tell.
Yeah.
And that was an incredible story for us
all to tell.
That's a good point. I do remember
looking at people for help, though. And
oddly, your eyes I I was like, "Oh my
god, he could help." You did look like a
beacon of help in the distance.
I tried to help.
Um
You have a baby. You have a new Yeah.
child. It is.
There have been like a lot of
experiences in life where everyone tells
you something's going to be great and
then it's like, okay, the people are
right, the consensus is right, it's like
even better than I thought it was going
to be. But this has been the strongest
example of that ever.
Like I knew it was going to be great and
it's like way way better. It's
impossible to describe. There's nothing
I can say that's not like very cliche
and it's totally amazing.
What is like one of your And it's a you
have a young boy. Yeah. And what's
something like that you think is like
neat or like what's one thing that kind
of like is bringing you joy with it?
Watching
the speed with which he like learns new
things or gains new capabilities. Yeah.
Is just unbelievable. It's like every
day it's like oh man
he just couldn't do that before and now
he's like grabbing stuff and passing it
between his hands and
uh getting to like
watch it dayto day is just an amazing
rate of change. And then I don't like
again I realize it's like
you know I realize that like everything
about babies are very finely tuned over
a long period of evolution to make us
like love them and be fascinated by them
and it's like a neurochemical hack. But
I love it. It's great. It's so strong.
It's so intense.
So it's really like almost like a coffee
for your heart or something kind of
I don't even know how to find I've tried
to like come up with an analogy to tell
because now I'm like telling everybody
you got to have a lot of kids. It's
really important.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
And I've been looking for an analogy of
what to explain and and then I always
just say like I I don't know how to
explain this. It's just it is the best
thing I've ever done by far. I feel like
a completely changed person. And I was I
was like thinking the other day like
there used to be all these other like at
this point all I do is work and hang out
with my family. I like I don't
I don't like really get to do a lot of
hobbies anymore. It's busy time at work.
I don't get to hang out with my friends
that much. Uh
and I and I don't you know there were
like all these things where people tell
you like oh you got to baby come and you
got to go you know take that spontaneous
international trip because you're not
going to be doing that again for a long
time and I was like oh that is kind of
sad. In practice you don't do it that
often. I at least didn't do it that
often and I don't miss it at all. I like
remember that that used to be a
possibility. Now I can see that's not
going to be a possibility for a long
time and I'm thrilled with the trade.
You're moved on.
I'm so happy.
Um how old is your child?
Four months. Oh, that's a funny like at
five or six months they start to get
like fun and you can like they're still
like they can't go anywhere, you know,
but they're like intrigued and stuff.
They start to like smile or process
more. I don't know how you guys say it,
but um
yeah, he's totally like turned on
though, like really aware, understands
things. It's super cool.
I have a thought sometimes that this
will be one of the last like maybe 40
years that we conceive children in the
body. Did you have any thoughts about
that?
I've definitely heard a lot of people
say that. Um
I haven't thought about it hard myself,
but yeah, I guess it does make sense.
Like
I guess that does make sense.
Like God, you were in your mom's butt.
It's crazy. You know, you pervert or
whatever. Like like I think in the
future people will be it'll be kind of
done like in a
in a vet or something.
Yes. In like a nice vet. You can go see
it on the weekends or whatever. And like
doesn't that just feel like off to you?
Like I can totally intellectually like
understand that that may be the better
way to do it.
Oh yeah. It feels way off to me. I was
trying to I thought you would like it,
you know? I thought I thought
I mean
like or I thought you that would be like
a thought like I guess I like that for
me that's one of like my futuristic
thoughts, you know,
like I can totally accept that that will
be what everybody does and that it's,
you know, easier and we can like make it
healthier for the child and the mother,
you know, the mother doesn't take the
health risk. But man,
so intellectually I can say that and
then like emotionally it feels like ah
something is off of that. Yeah.
Oh yeah. Yeah. Cuz then the family like
on the weekends the parents would come
and like tinker on the glass or whatever
or the dad would put like a um you know
like a go falcon sticker on the thing or
you know what I'm saying? People would
like decorate it all up or write little
messages on there. Um,
you know, I think there's another like
another take I have on all of this is
that there in this world that we're
heading to of like crazy sci-fi
technology becoming reality, the the
sort of like the deeply human things
will become the most precious, sacred,
valued things
and that we'll really care about like
the human experience more than ever. And
maybe it won't go that way. I don't
know.
Yeah. Do you uh No. And that's some of
the stuff we want to talk about and
thanks thanks so much man for sitting
down. Um, do you think your child will
go to college? Do you think like what do
you kind of think that looks like?
Probably not. Um, if I had to guess,
like I I think Well, I only went to half
of college.
You You did you drop out?
Yeah,
dude. You guys all I freaking dropped
out. I didn't get [__] You dropped out.
Wang dropped out. Zuckerberg dropped
out.
Um,
probably a lot of other people.
And you?
Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well, hey, we're both
here, so
Oh, it worked out fine.
You're right. You know, you're right.
Never mind. I'm sorry. I'm being
self-defeating. Um, yeah. What does that
look like when you think about that?
Like, yeah, with AI, with so much new
information coming online, right? And so
much like data being collected and like
um information being uh carpooled and
and maybe which is a term.
So, you you and I never grew up in a
world that didn't have computers, right?
Like, and our parents were like, "Oh,
this there weren't computers." And then
there were and it was this big crazy
adjustment. It took them a long time to
figure it out. to us like computers just
always existed. They were just I mean
maybe they were kind of new but they
were always around
and and then like you know a kid that is
like
there was there was this video on
YouTube I saw like maybe 12 years ago
something like that that 14 years ago
that has really stuck with me. It was
like a little baby in a dentist waiting
room or something picking up one of
those old glossy magazines and going
like this.
Oh, I remember that. And to that kid, it
was just like a broken iPad because that
kid had just like grown up in a world
where like there were touchscreens
everywhere.
And my kid will never grow up will never
ever be smarter than an AI.
That will never happen. You know, kid
born a few years ago, they had a brief
period of time. My kid never will be
smarter.
But also,
they'll never they'll never know a world
where like products and services aren't
way smarter than them and and super
capable. they can just do whatever you
need. And in that world, I think
education's going to feel very
different. I already think college is
like maybe not working great for most
people, but yeah, I think fast forward
18 years, it's going to look like a
very, very different thing.
Yeah. Yeah. Do you think there Oh,
here's that video right here. This kid.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. I was wrong
about the dentist. It was Or maybe
there's a few of these.
He's like, "Somebody charged this
magazine." He's yelling. How would you
recommend to a parent right now to
prepare their children for like an AI
future kind of like are there certain
curtails that you would start to put in
now? Are there certain like um you know
adjustments where you like get them in a
certain training or have them start to
watch certain models of things online?
Like what does that you know
I I actually think the kids will be
fine. I'm worried about the parents.
Ah
if you look at the history of the world
here when there's new technology like
people that grow up with it they're
always fluent. They always figure out
what to do. They always learn the new
kind of jobs. But if you're like a
50-year-old
and you have to like kind of learn to do
things in a very different way, that
doesn't always work. Yeah.
So, I think the kids are going to be
fine. I mean, I do have worry like I do
have worries about kids in technology.
Like, I think this scrolling the kind of
like, you know, short video feed
dopamine hit, it feels like it's
probably messing with kids brain
development in a super deep way. So,
it's not that I have no worries. I have
like extremely deep worries about what
technology is doing to kids. But in
terms of kids ability to like be
prepared for the future and use a new
technology, they seem really good at
that.
Yeah.
Always through history.
That's a good point actually. Yeah. It's
like if you just grow up with it, it's
just like having it's just totally
normal. It's like having kneecaps or
whatever. You're just kind of used to
it.
You can't imagine the world where it
doesn't exist. You just
Yeah.
Yeah. That's a good point.
I remember when I was uh in school in
like junior high and Google first came
out.
Mhm. And all the teachers like freaked
out and they're like, "This is the end
of education." You know, I get if you
Why do you have to memorize history
facts in history class if you can just
look them up instantly on the internet?
You don't even have to learn to go to
the library. And the answer is like,
yeah, maybe memorization is less
important, but with these new tools, you
can think better, come up with new
ideas, do new stuff. I'm sure the same
thing happened with the calculator
before.
Yeah.
And you know, now this is like this is
just a new tool that exists in the tool
chain. And what about like say if there
is somebody though that's like learning
history right now, like they just
started their second year of college.
Oh, that Celsius. Yeah, that thing will
definitely you won't be able to blink
for a month, homie. That thing will
Yeah, you'll sneeze and release 5.0,
dude. You'll freaking Are you guys at
4.5 already?
We're 4.5 already. 5.0 is uh I think
it's going to be great.
Oh, it'll come out fast if you add that
Celsius to what I'm saying.
Maybe the researchers need it, not me.
But uh you know, we'll get them some.
Yeah, that thing will get you there,
man. Um so say there's somebody just for
example like that's learning history
right now. They're in their second year
of college. They're they're taking
history. Is that are there some subjects
in like like they they're going to be a
historian? Is that still a viable space
of work? Uh as AI moves forward, do you
think? Honestly,
I I assume there will be some version of
it that is uh I I think it's very hard
to predict exactly how something
evolves. Um I or predict exactly the
jobs of the future going to be like the
you know not that long ago it would have
been very hard to predict either of our
jobs if you go back a hundred years the
idea of like this CEO of an AI company
or a podcaster like you know probably
would have been things that didn't seem
to be the most obvious evolutions of the
things people were doing at the time.
Yeah. Hey, you just seemed almost
probably crazy even in trying to explain
those to someone.
You would. And now, in fact, two of the
job I heard that the job that young
people most want is some version of your
job.
The job that young people most want is
to be uh, you know, podcast influencer,
uh, YouTube, they want a YouTube
channel, like whatever it is, they they
like six, seven year olds, they don't
know how to describe it, but that's what
they want.
And a lot of people also want my job.
They want to do like a startup or they
want to work on AI. And these just
didn't exist.
Yeah. So like the rate with which the
new things come along is is fast and
also trying to predict what they are. I
don't know. The thing I say all the time
is no one knows what happens next. It's
like we're going to figure this out.
It's this weird emergent thing. Does the
current job of a historian exist in the
same way? I would bet not quite. But
another thing I believe is that humans
are obsessed with other people. Like we
are so deeply wired to care about other
people, to care about stories and
history, our own history is extremely
interesting to us. So I would say
somehow or other we're still going to
care about that. There's going to be
some kind of job doing that.
Man, that's cool. G I guess I I if
when I take that avenue of thought like
okay there will still be this historian
or somebody it'll be some evolution of
that. Right. That does seem kind of cool
to me because there's a level of
creativity in there. There's a level of
like faith and spontaneity in there that
I think is kind of exciting. So yeah, I
guess I hadn't really thought about
that. Sometimes I get stuck in this
doomsday thing like I just see like you
know like the history book closes and
they're like we have enough we have all
the history over here you know it
you know people used to say like oh
there's no need for more music we've
made perfect music like why does anyone
need anyone to create anymore and that's
obviously ridiculous or they would say
there's that famous patent office quote
everything that humans ever possibly
need has been invented there's nothing
left to do
I have heard that but here we are
here we are and and like
someone asked me the other day like you
know how long is it until you can make
like a AI AI CEO for OpenAI. And I was
like, probably not that long. And they
were like, well, aren't you really sad
about that? And I was like, no, I think
it's awesome. I'm for sure going to
figure out something else to do. I'm
excited to do that. Like, I think that's
great.
Right. So, you could create something
that would have your job, but then you
could do something else.
Totally.
But then how do you know that you'll
still get paid for your job? I guess
like
Well,
that's kind of a big question. I I kind
of think that
but yeah I guess the framing of that
question might be better like say there
are jobs that get curtailed by
there will be some
okay
I think it's important to be honest
about that there will be some jobs that
totally go away
but mostly I think we we we will rely on
the fact that people's desire for more
stuff for better experiences for you
know a higher social status or whatever
that seems basically limitless human
creativity seems basically limitless and
human desire to like be useful to each
each other and to connect with each
other and do stuff for each other and
focus on other people seems pretty
limitless, too. So, I think throughout
all of history, there have been these
predictions like ah, you know, we're
going to
we're going to like all be on the beach
and work an hour a day or hour a week or
whatever and we're going to have
unlimited wealth and and I've never
heard that. I would I love that.
I mean, they used to say this. They used
to like the industrial revolution,
people were like, "Oh, you know, we just
figured out how to automate like man's
lot in life. There's nothing left to do.
We were going to have these machines do
all the work.
Makes
sense probably.
And you watch these machines doing all
this stuff that only people used to
physically do. And everybody panicked
and said there's going to be no more
jobs. And we figured out new stuff to
want. Now, here's an interesting thing.
If you could go back to that industrial
revolution time and people before that
were, you know, really on the grind,
working super hard trying to like kind
of have enough food to survive.
Go back to those people. Look at our
jobs today. Would those people say we
have real jobs or would they say you
have unbelievable abundance,
unbelievable wealth, so much food to
eat, incredible luxury, and you guys are
just like playing a game to entertain
yourselves. Is that a real job or not?
And they would probably say where they
sit, what you guys do is not a real job.
You guys are, you know, you're too rich.
You're wasting your time. You're trying
to like
Yeah. You guys are a couple of dang zest
lords out there freaking playing Uno in
the park or whatever. They They would
not I don't think my grandfather would
be like, "You have a job." He would
still be like, "You need to get a job."
Yeah. Totally. And when we look forward
another hundred years of what people are
doing, they'll probably
think they're working very hard. It'll
feel very satisfying, very intense to
them. They're really like they'll feel
engaged. They'll be making other people
happy. They'll be creating value for
each other. But if we could look forward
that hundred years at those guys, do you
think we would say they're working or
like man, you have like AI doing
everything for you. You're just trying
to entertain yourselves.
Yeah. Like, oh, you guys have it so
easy, right?
But I think that's beautiful. I think
it's great that those people in the past
think we have it so easy. I think it's
great that we think those people in the
future have it so easy. Like that is the
beautiful story of us all contributing
to human progress and everybody's lives
getting better and better.
say we're able to get to that space,
right? Like the move like the movement
that happens with AI and with just
technology which will advance quicker I
think which is one thing that AI feels
like to me it's a fast forward button on
technology and on uh possibility because
things can be information can be
quantified so quick and a lot of like uh
more menial tasks even though they're
not really menial in people's lives um
but menial hypothetically uh can be done
quicker to get a lot of the framework
for things done fast. But how will
people survive? Like how do we adjust
our structure of finan of like if some
people own the companies that have the
AI and then a lot of people um are just
using the AIS and the agents created by
AIs to do things for them. How will
society like societal members still be
able to financially survive? Will there
still be money? What is that? Does that
make any sense? That question.
It totally makes sense. Uh I don't know.
Neither does anybody else. But I'll tell
you my current best guess.
Okay.
Well, I'll say two guesses. One, I think
it is possible that we put, you know,
GPT7 or whatever in everybody's chat
GBT. Everybody gets it for free and
everybody has access to just this like
crazy thing such that everybody can be
more productive, make way more money.
Doesn't actually matter that you don't
like own the cluster itself, but
everybody gets to use it. And it turns
out even getting to use it is enough
that people are like getting richer
faster and more distributed than ever
before. That could happen. I think that
really is possible.
There's another version of this where
the most important things that are
happening are these systems are
discovering, you know, new cures for
diseases, new kinds of energy, new ways
to make spaceships, whatever. And most
of that value is acrewing to the like
cluster owners, us, just so that I'm not
dodging the question here. And then I
think society will very quickly say,
"Okay, we got to have some new some new
economic model where we share that and
distribute that to people." Uh, I used
to be really excited about things like
UBI. I still am kind of excited like
universal basic income where you just
give everybody money.
Yeah, you hear that term a lot. Yeah,
universal basic income. Yeah, I heard
you and Rogan talk about that too a
while back.
I still am kind of excited about that.
But I think people really need agency.
like they really need to feel like they
have a voice in governing the future and
deciding where things go. And I think if
you just like say okay
AI is going to do everything and then
everybody gets like a you know dividend
from that it's not going to feel good
and and I don't think it actually would
be good for people. So I think we need
to find a way where we're not just like
if we're in this world where we're not
just distributing money or wealth like
actually
I I don't just want like a check every
month. What I would want is like a
ownership share in whatever the AI
creates so that I feel like I'm
participating in this thing that's going
to compound and get more valuable over
time. So I sort of like universal basic
wealth better than universal basic
income. And I think
I don't like basic either. I want like
universal extreme wealth for everybody.
Um but but even then like I think what
people really want is the agency to kind
of co-create the future together
and
and in a world where it's like the AI is
mostly coming up with the new scientific
inventions at least we've got to still
have humans like invent the new culture
and have that be a very distributed
thing.
Okay. I guess yeah I I I see what you're
saying but would that be like an
American thing do you think? like since
they were invented here or do you think
I'm just wondering what does that look
like you know
the economic model of it all or the
whole thing?
Yeah. Or like is there a dividend of the
company that then is divided up between
the masses sort of
I mean a crazy idea but in the spirit of
crazy ideas is that if the world there's
like eight roughly eight billion people
in the world. If the world can generate
like
eight quintilion tokens per year, if
that's the world, actually let's say the
world can generate 20 trillion quintil
20 quintillion tokens per year.
Tokens of
like uh each word generated by an AI.
Okay,
just making up a huge number here. We'll
say okay 12 of those go to, you know,
the normal capitalistic system, but
eight of those eight quintilion tokens
are going to get divided up equally
among 8 billion people. So everybody
gets 1 trillion tokens and that's your
kind of universal basic wealth globally
and people can sell those tokens like if
I don't need mine I can sell them to
you. We could pull ours together for
some like new art project we want to do
but but instead of just like getting a
check you're get everybody on Earth is
getting like a slice of the world's AI
capacity and then we're letting the like
massively distributed human ingenuity
and creativity and economic engine do
its thing. H
I mean that's like a crazy idea. Maybe
it's a bad one, but that's the kind of
thing that I think sounds like someone
should think about it more.
One of the big fears is like purpose,
right? Like human purpose. Like work
gives us purpose. And also I think the
idea that we are the ones advancing
humanity gives us purpose. Like we are
the
like yeah like we have some
control over our own destiny. maybe
gives us this sense of purpose
and it feels like that we would lose a
sense of purpose or that purpose would
be adjusted like if AI is to really you
know continue to advance so quickly it
feels like our sense of purpose would
start to really disappear.
Do have you had thoughts about that?
I worry about this a lot. It's so I
think people have worried about this
with every big technological revolution
but I agree that this time it feels
different like
Okay. Yeah. Because if say you had an
axe and somebody came out with a saw,
you're like you're like, "Yeah, that's
it."
Or even if they come out with like a a
robot that cuts the tree down, it still
feels fine. But like
creativity, intelligence, I think cuts
so deeply at the core of whatever we are
and how we how we value ourselves.
Um,
one example we can look at this right
now, I think one area where AI is having
a big impact is on how people write
software for a living. And AI is really
good at that. and it's really changed
what it means to be a software
developer.
I haven't heard any of those software
developers say they they even though
their job is different that they don't
have meaning. They still enjoy it.
They're operating at a higher level. Um
and I'm hopeful at least for a long
time, you know, 100 years from now, who
knows? But I'm hopeful that that's what
it'll feel like with AI is even if we're
asking it to solve huge problems for us.
Even if we ask it to say like, you know,
go discover a cure for cancer,
there will still be a lot of things to
do in that process
that feel valuable to a person.
Mhm.
You'll still asking it the questions.
You're still like helping guide it.
You're still framing it or whatever it
is. You're still like talking to the
world about it. And
and I think all of human history
suggests that we find a way to put
ourselves at the center of the story and
feel really good about it. Like you know
if you kind of think like
we used to think that the earth was the
center of the solar system and then
we're like very humanentric view and
then we're like okay fine the sun is the
center of the solar system but the solar
system is at least the center of the
galaxy and now oh man there's a lot of
galaxies and oh man now we're this like
tiny speck in this like very huge
universe
and
and yet we still manage to feel all like
a lot of main character energy. And so I
somehow think even in a world where AI
is doing all of this stuff that humans
used to do, we are going to find a way
in our own telling of the story to feel
like the main characters. And I think in
an important sense, we will be. And
that's really good. I also like, you
know, probably already today
there could be a very compelling version
of two AIs talking like this.
And I don't think I would want to watch
that. Like I think I I really do feel
deeply wired to like care about the real
person behind it. I think that's like
deep in the biology,
right?
Yeah. That's the part that I think a lot
of times it's like even though you can
get into like these wormholes of like
possibility and these fear holes of
possibility or um kind of this dystopian
ideas that in the end I'm like I'd
rather probably watch something that's
real. You know, it's like because I'm
real. You know what I'm saying? like I
don't want to talk really to a robot.
I'd re, you know, Yeah. I think in the
end there's going to be a part of you
that wants to continue to just talk to
um talk to humans. Do you uh
what's like one of your fears? Like
what's a fear you have of AI? Like if
you have like a fearful space that it
could go like I know you mentioned it a
little bit
this morning. I I was testing our new
model and I got a question. I got
emailed a question that I didn't quite
understand. Uh, and I put it in the
model, this GPT5, and it answered it
perfectly
and I really kind of sat back in my
chair and I was just like a, oh man,
here it is moment
and I got over it quickly. I got busy
onto the next thing, but it was like a I
mean, this what kind of we were talking
about. I felt like useless relative to
the AI in this thing that I felt like I
should have been able to do and I
couldn't and it was really hard, but the
AI just did it like that. Yeah, it
was it was a weird feeling.
Yeah, I think that's I think that
feeling right there that's the feeling a
lot of people kind of have like what's
going you know when does it happen?
What's going to happen? Um but I think
some of it is it's like you it's hard to
conceptualize until you're further
along.
I I'm all to totally I don't think we
know quite how that's going to feel. You
just have to like approach it step by
step. Another thing I'm afraid of, and
we had a,
you know, a a a real problem with this
earlier, but it can get much worse, is
just what this is going to mean for
users mental health. Um, there's a lot
of people that talk to chatbt all day
long. There are these sort of new AI
companions that people talk to like they
would a a girlfriend or a boyfriend. Um,
and we were talking earlier about how
it's probably not been good for kids to
like grow up like on the dopamine hit of
scrolling, you know, or whatever.
Yeah. Do you think that that how do you
keep like um AI from having that same
effect like that negative effect that
social media really has had?
I I'm I'm scared of that. I don't I
don't have an answer yet. Uh I don't
think we know quite the ways in which
it's going to have those negative
impacts. Uh, but I feel for sure it's
going to have some and we'll have to I
hope we can learn to mitigate it
quickly.
Um, can AI can they pull up pornography
and stuff like that too or No.
Sure.
Oh my god.
God, I didn't know that.
H No, it's fine. I Yeah, but I just
Yeah, I don't even need to know that.
I'm going to have that stricken from my
own record.
Crypto is it's kind of blowing up again,
you know. It's Some people say it's
back. It's not back. It's one of the
best things is is it hasn't left. It is
it has maintained itself as a viable
form of currency and I'm back in I'm
back invested and when I need more
Bitcoin or Salana or XRP, Moonpay
is always the first app I open. Since
Moonay works with Apple Pay, Vinmo,
PayPal, bank accounts, and credit cards,
it's fast and easy to get what I need in
a few clicks. And because Moonay has
been around for six years and is used by
millions of people, they've also formed
pretty cool relationships with other
companies in the crypto space. Yep. Moon
is partnered now with Trust Wallet, one
of the most popular self-custody wallets
in the world. With Trust Wallet, you
control your crypto fully. No
compromises. And thanks to Moonay, you
can fund your wallet instantly using
your favorite payment methods. It's the
fastest way to go from cash to crypto,
all while keeping full control of your
assets. Remember, while Moonay makes
buying crypto straightforward, it's
essential to do your own research and
understand the risks involved. Crypto
trading can be volatile and you could
lose your investment. Moon is a tool to
facilitate your transactions, not a
source of financial advice. Trade
responsibly. What happens when your
health becomes the punchline? That's my
question. It feels like that's where
we're at. From seed oils to stress,
toxins, pollutants, the modern world is
screwing with our health at the cellular
level, leading to exhaustion, brain fog,
digestive issues, and more. But here's
the thing. You don't have to settle for
feeling like garbage 247.
Armra colostrum is nature's original
health hack. Packed with over 400
bioactive nutrients that fortify gut
integrity, strengthen immunity,
revitalize hair growth, fuel stamina,
elevate focus, and help you function
like a human again. I love using it in
my smoothies at home. I'll make me a
little smoothie. Bang. Putting some
blueberries, spinach,
hit with a little packet of Armra
colostrum.
We've worked out a special offer for our
audience here. To receive 15% off your
first order, go to tryarma.com/theo
or enter t ho to get 15% off your first
order. That's t r y a r a.como.
Um what legal system do does AI have to
work by? Is there like a legal like are
there like we have laws like in the
world, right? like in the human world is
in does AI have to work by any like
legal laws you know
yeah so I I think we will certainly need
a legal or a policy framework for AI um
one example that we've been thinking
about a lot this is like a maybe not
quite what you're asking this is like a
very human centric version of that
question people talk about the most
personal [__] in their lives to chipt
it's you know people use it young people
especially like use it as a therapist a
life coach uh having these relationship
problems, what should I do? And right
now, if you talk to a therapist or a
lawyer or a doctor about those problems,
there's like legal privilege for it, you
know, like it's there's doctor patient
confidentiality, there's legal
confidentiality, whatever.
And
we don't we haven't figured that out yet
for when you talk to Chat GPT. So, if
you go talk to Chatt about your most
sensitive stuff and then there's like a
lawsuit or whatever, like we could be
required to produce that. And I think
that's very screwed up. I think we
should have like the same concept of
privacy for your conversations with AI
that we do with a therapist or whatever.
And no one had to think about that even
a year ago. And now I think it's this
huge issue of like how are we going to
treat the laws around this?
Well, do you think there should be like
kind of like a like a slowing things
down before we move there kind of cuz
Yeah, it is kind of wild. That's one of
the reasons I get scared sometimes to
use certain AI stuff because um I don't
know how much personal information I
want to put in because I don't know
who's going to have it.
I think we need this point addressed
with some urgency. Um and you know the
policy makers I've talked to about it
like broadly agree it's just it's new
and now we got to do it quickly. Do you
talk to ChachiT?
I don't talk to it that much. One of the
one of my
because of this.
I think it is. It's because it's like
I I think it makes sense.
I to not talk to
No, no, no. like really want the privacy
clarity before you use it a lot.
Yeah.
Like the legal clarity.
Yeah. It's scary and it's like well how
long does it take lawmakers to come up
with that and then it feels like it's
moving so fast that it's like it doesn't
even ma that that sometimes it's like it
doesn't even really matter. It's like
are we even waiting for the laws to be
put around this or or what's going on?
Does it feel like it's moving too fast
for you sometimes?
The last few months have felt very fast.
It feels faster and faster, but the last
few months have felt very fast.
Yeah. Yeah, I was watching this guy um
Yosua Benjio.
Yashua Benjio.
Yosua Benjio. And he's kind of like some
people call him the father of AI. He may
be self-proclaimed. I'm not really sure.
Um but he certainly seemed to be kind of
like a lifeguard for AI, like thinking
about like, well, you know, how do we
keep the pool safe? You know, how much
water should be in it? You know, the
chlorine, what, you know, how many
lifeguards do you need on duty? That
type of thing, hypothetically. Um, and
he said and he was saying that some AIs
they they have like deception techniques
inside of them like that there were AIs
that would rather give you an answer
that was possibly pleasing to the user
than to give them the factual answer. Uh
and then he was also saying that there
were um AIs that were developing some of
their own languages to communicate with
each other which would be languages that
we don't even know. Um what is that how
how do you guys curtail that when those
types of things come up? What does that
even kind of fe feel like to you guys?
Or are these just problems that happen
in new spaces and you figure it out as
you go?
You know, there are these moments in the
history of science where you have a
group of scientists
look at their creation and just say, you
know, what what if what have we done?
What maybe it's great, maybe it's bad,
but what have we done? Like maybe the
most iconic example is thinking about
the scientists working on the Manhattan
project in 1945 sitting there watching
the Trinity test and just you know this
thing that had it was a completely new
not
not human scale kind of power and
everyone knew it was going to reshape
the world and I do think people working
on AI have that feeling in a very deep
way you know we just don't know like we
think it's going to be There's clearly
real risks. It kind of feels like you
should be able to say something more
than that. But in truth, I think all we
know right now is that we have
discovered, invented, whatever you want
to call it, something extraordinary that
is going to reshape the course of human
history.
Dear God, man. But if you don't know, we
don't know.
Well, of course. I mean, I I think no
one no one can predict the future. Like
human society is very complex. This is
an amazing new technology. Maybe a less
dramatic example than the atomic bomb is
when they discovered the transistor a
few years later.
The transistor radio,
the little transistor part that you know
made computers and radios and everything
else. But we discovered this completely
new thing that enabled the whole
computer revolution and is in this
microphone and those computers and our
iPhones and like the world would be so
different if people had not discovered
that and then over the decades figured
out how to make them smaller and more
efficient. And now we don't even think
about it because the transistors are
just everything. We have all this modern
technology from that one scientific
discovery. And I do think that's what AI
is going to be like. We had this one
crazy scientific discovery
that led to these language models we all
use now.
And that is going to change the course
of society in all kinds of ways. And and
of course we don't know what they all
are.
Damn. I was hoping you knew by the end
of that sentence or I was hoping you
would you know like that's what we're
cuz we don't know you know like that's I
think the tough thing.
There's no time in human history at the
beginning of a century where the people
ever knew what the end of the century
was going to be like.
Yeah.
So maybe it's I do think it goes faster
and faster each century.
Mhm.
Certainly like you know in 1900 you
couldn't have predicted what 2000 was
going to be like. I think in 2000 you
could even less predict what 2100 was
going to look like.
But that's kind of why it's exciting and
like that's kind of why people get to
figure out and unfold the story as we
go.
It's kind of bizarre because there's a
part of me that's like this guy's out of
his mind. This guy is a is a is a wild
wizard. You know, there's a couple
different things. But then there's also
this part of me that's like this guy is
this hopeful guy what who's like
involved in this crazy space and he kind
of has this whimsical energy about the
future which is in a crazy way a nice
energy to have about the future
generally is that something could happen
or that things are possible. Um, so it
just, yeah, it's all kind of like I
don't know. It's fascinating
to me. Um, Sam to kind of pivot a little
bit. There's, it feels like there's a
race right now in AI, right? Would you
say that there's a race between
companies in AI?
It certainly feels that way.
Yeah. And it almost feels like you guys
are the new Formula One drivers or you
guys are like the new like uh it's like
um Mario Andredy or you guys are the new
like uh Bubba Watts and all the you know
it's almost like these are the new race
cars that everybody's kind of watching
position themselves. Um
what is the race for? Because you hear
about AI and then you hear about AGI
uh and then you hear about super
intelligence. What is what is this race
that's going on? How real is it? And
what is the race for?
When I was a kid, the race was like the
meahertz race and then it became the
gigahertz race. Everybody wanted a
computer with a faster processor. Oh
yeah. You know, Intel would come out
with this one and then AMD would come
out with this one
and every like it turned out that those
gigahertz measurements eventually were
not even that helpful. Like you could
have one that had a lower number and it
was in practice it was faster. And
eventually, I think it was Apple that
realized they should just stop talking
about the clock speed of their
computers. And you probably don't even
know what the processor speed of your
iPhone is today.
Yeah, it's true. Yeah, that was a big
thing and it kind of disappeared.
And I think the same thing has been
happening in AI where everybody was
racing on these benchmarks. You know, I
score this on this benchmark and this on
that one. And now people are realizing
that like, okay, the benchmarks are kind
of saturated. We went through the
equivalent of our megahertz race with
our benchmark race and now people kind
of don't care about that as much and now
it's like who's using the model, who's
getting the value out of it, things like
that. Um, but
but I do think people still feel like
we're heading towards some milestone.
what the milestone is, they disagree on,
but maybe it's maybe it's a system
that's capable of doing its own AI
research and its own sort of
self-improvement. Um, maybe it's a
system that is like smarter than all of
humans put together, but they feel like
there is some
finish line to cross. I actually don't
quite feel like this, but I think a lot
of people in the industry that there's
some finish line that we're going to
cross. Maybe it's this like
self-improvement
moment. Maybe you call that super
intelligence. Um, and I think there is a
sort of
there's like a race to get somewhere,
but people don't agree on where it's to
or something.
What are you racing towards? You feel
like
It's a great question. Um, I don't have
like a finish line in mind. There's
nothing I could say to I don't think I
can articulate anything where I would
say like this is mission complete. But
if I if I had to give like a self
referential answer there, you know, the
moment where we would rather give our
research cluster like our, you know,
GPUs that we run all of our AI
experiments on, the moment where we
would rather give that to an AI
researcher rather than our brilliant
team of human researchers, that does at
least seem like some kind of very
different new era.
Yeah. And at that point, who's even we?
I feel like it's just you kind of like
wheeling the stuff across the hall in a,
you know, like who's going to, you know
what I'm saying? Like, you know what I'm
saying? It starts to get this idea like
if we keep if ever, if things were to
keep leaving the the people and go to
the computer,
you're just shoveling coal into the AI
hypothetically. You know,
again, I assume that what will happen,
like with every other kind of
technology, is we'll realize like we
there's this one thing that the tool's
way better than us at. Now, we got to go
solve some other problems. So, let's put
our brain power there. I I somehow don't
think it'll ever feel like we all just
get to like push a button and go on
vacation.
Got it.
Um like we will I think as one one
version of this is as uh as capabilities
go up because as we get better tools the
expectation goes way up too. And so
we've got to like
yes we get much better tools but we have
to do way more to remain competitive.
Well I think there's this hopeful idea.
Say if you come up with all these
or maybe not like maybe maybe the AI is
just better than us at absolutely
everything and we just sit there being
like all right that was cool.
Yeah because well at a certain point if
something has all the information right
if something has all the information and
it can think and and and ponder and uh
pontificate and serve multi options of
answers. Aren't we then working for that
thing? Like that's what I start to
wonder like if it's the smartest thing
in the room.
GPT5 is the smartest thing. GB5 is
smarter than us in almost every way. you
know, and yet here we are.
So, there's like there's something about
the way the world works. There's
something about this doesn't mean it's
true forever, but there's something
about what humans can do today that is
so different. There's also something
about what humans care about today that
is so different than AI that I don't
think the simplistic thing quite works.
Now, again, by the time it's a million
times smarter than us,
who knows?
Is part of you want to kind of get
there? Like how do we get where like I
open the door and you and I say excuse
me sir and it's just my computer in
there. You know what I'm saying? Like
you know when
when I was a kid
I
I sort of thought about these
technological revolutions that happened
one at a time. There was the agriculture
revolution a long time ago and that
freed us up to do these other things.
And then there was the like there was
the age of enlightenment and there was
the industrial revolution and there was
the computer revolution and all these
things happened and I thought of them as
like these distinct things and now I
view it as just this one long
compounding exponential where
all of these things come together. Each
piece of technology is built
continuously overlapping on the one that
comes before
and we're able to just do more and more.
And so in some sense AI is this big
special unique different thing. And in
some other sense it is just part of this
long arc of human progress. We talked
about the transistor earlier but like
that was way more important in some
sense to AI happening than the work we
do now. And all this stuff has to like
compound compound. You got to build the
internet. You got to get all this data.
You got to do all these things. And
and I want that exponential to keep
going. There will be things way after
AI. We'll invent all sorts of new
things. We'll go colonize space. we'll
go, you know, build neural interfaces.
Who knows what else we'll do?
But I think at some point AI fades into
that arc of history. We build, we don't
we don't even think about it. It's like
transistors, which you don't even think
about today. It's just another layer in
the scaffolding that humans collectively
have built up bit by bit over time. And
where you sit in our day, you get to
open that door. You have this like
computer that only has one interface.
You just it says, "What do you want?"
You say whatever you want. It happens.
and you figure out amazing new things to
build for the next generation and the
next and the next and we just keep
going.
Yeah. I think the the part that I think
gets spooky is I can't build any I can
build some stuff but I can't build like
any technological stuff. So then I'm
like dang dude well I'm not going to
what am I going to build over there?
Okay. So, right now I can write
software, maybe you can't
and I have a little advantage if I want
to go build some technological thing.
Very soon you can make any piece of
software you want cuz you just ask an AI
in English. You say, "I got an idea for
an app. Make me this thing."
And the whole thing just happens.
So, that's a win for you. Maybe it's a
little bit of a loss for me. I think
it's kind of cool for the whole world.
Yeah.
But
like this is this is going to be a
technology that anybody can use. You can
just like with natural language you can
say this is what I want and it goes off
and writes the code for you, debugs it
for you, deploys it for you
and then you can say how do I use what I
just created.
Yeah. But if you have a great idea, AI
will just make it happen for you.
And this is a new thing. Like this is
this I think this will make technology
the most accessible it ever has been.
Got it. Okay. Then that seems a little
bit different. I think there's this idea
in my head that I'm going to have to
figure out all this coding. I have to
figure out all of these different ways
to do things to even have a possibility
of of use of myself in the future.
No, I think this is uh without talking
too much about the future and what we're
going to launch like the fact that you
will be able to have an entire piece of
software created just by like explaining
your idea is going to be incredible for
humans getting great new stuff. Cuz
right now, I think there's like a lot
more good ideas than people who know how
to make them. And if AI can do that for
us, we're really good at coming up with
creative ideas.
Yeah. I mean, that's one of the things
that people like to do. Um, do you think
right now if if humans, regular average
humans, most humans could vote to keep
AI going or to stop AI? What do you
think that they
Great question.
What do you think that they would vote?
This is like totally kind of I don't
have any data for this. I would bet most
people who use chatbt, which is a lot of
people know, they would say like keep it
going. And most people who don't would
say it's scary, stop it.
What do you think?
Yeah, I feel like most people would say
stop it, I think. Or pause it, take the
wheels off of it for a month, that kind
of thing. Siphon the gas out of the
tank, you know, like that kind of thing.
Put sugar in it. I think there like that
kind of thing, you know.
What are you most afraid of with it? Or
is it just that we're not going to have
purpose and we don't know how it's all
going to go?
Yeah. I mean, those are some of the huge
parts. But I think like there's like um
probably that I think that in the end I
think there's a general feeling of like
well if all the trucking jobs disappear
you know if those become automated and
um
and like yeah if everything becomes a
robo tax like you know will that feel
you know where will those people go for
jobs will everybody just be dancing on
TikTok trying to get people to tip them
for trends and stuff you know like
there's part of that I had this dream
years ago that it all ends with
everybody's driving an Uber and
literally holding each other at gunpoint
to be each other's passengers, right?
Like get in my cuz that's how bad like
somebody's like I need to fair more than
you do. You know, my whole family's in
the back seat sit shotgun we'll get you
to wherever you know like people are
literally holding each other at gunpoint
to subscribe to their Only Fans and
stuff like it's just that um dystopian
or whatever. Um, so I guess part of
that, but then there's a deeper part
where it's like, yeah, what comes out of
us if it feels like a lot of the regular
stuff that gives us purpose that we know
right now gives us purpose? Is there a
new evolution of our purpose? Is there
like a blooming inside of us? Is it this
utopian place that you almost think of
as like a heaven idea where you know
people's are fed and have enough you
know can take are provided for can take
care of themselves
I guess that's that that's it or what
because purpose gives people work work
gives people so much of their purpose
and so for to lose those things what is
it what happens you know and I know I
kind of keep asking that over and over
again you don't really have the answers
and that's it's okay of course how could
you we're not in the future
I mean I think people really do love to
be useful to each other and people love
to express their creativity as part of
that.
And
as the long-term trend of society
getting richer has continued, more
people I think are able to do get closer
to sort of expressing themselves in the
best way that they can. May maybe like
you know as recently as
five or six hundred years ago not very
many people got to be artists. The world
wasn't that rich. There were a limited
number of patrons that could like pay
you to create art but there were more
than zero. And before that there were
almost none. And then you got this
beautiful Italian Renaissance and all of
this amazing art uh because there was
like excess capital in the world. And
now a lot more people can be artists or
a lot more people can start startups
which is another like for me that's like
my expression of creativity
right
um or more people can create content.
Yeah.
Uh and
and this idea that
people can find whatever way they can to
express themselves, their talent, their
vision. um for kind of collective love
of other people and a care for putting
their brick in society's progress.
I think that can go really far. Now,
what art in the future looks like now
that AI can make art or help make art, I
don't know. It'll probably be kind of
different what startups will look like
in the future when people can kind of
just say whatever they want to their AI
and it can make this off of them, right?
Then it will kind of be different. But
but I think it's such a bad bet to
assume that either human creativity or
human fulfillment from being useful to
other people ends. I think we're just we
stay on this exponential and like each
year, each decade, our collective
standard of living goes way up. The
whole world gets way richer. We all get
more. We all expect more. And
even over like the course I was thinking
recently like food is so much better
than it is when I was a kid. Like the
world has just figured out how to make
food better. Like we, you know, know how
to we figured out organic vegetables or
whatever it is. I don't know. It just
tastes much better. And like I think
that's great. I don't want to go back to
eating like the frozen carrots or
whatever.
Yeah, I guess that's a good point. But
then there's some like I saw this thing
the other day. It was like a K. They had
like one of those robo kitchens or
whatever. You know when you order food
from like something Dash or whatever and
then you uh but it's like Hank's ribs
and then it's like Marty's Pizza and
then it's like Susan's salami shop but
they're all the same place, you know?
And when you get that from window Dash
Yeah.
Uh you don't you don't like you feel
like something's missing, right? You're
like, "Ah, this is fake. I can tell. I
get less enjoyment." You would rather
get that food from like the dude who's
been making it and perfecting it on the,
you know, that little pizza shop on the
corner for the last 20 years, right?
Because that's like part of like that
dude is part of the experience. That
authenticity is part of the experience.
I don't think that goes away with the
like fake robotic thing.
Okay.
Yeah. Because I think I start to feel
like we're in this universe where it's
like you're walking down the street or
something and like a Whimo goes by and
it's like eat now and you're like but
and you already did eat. It's just got a
bad reading or something. It's got a bad
valve in it or something. You're like
yelling at it. There's nobody in there.
And you're like, "I already ate." And
it's like, "Sit down and eat now." And
it just like [__] uses like a t-shirt
cannon to just like shoot a burrito at
you. And then you're sitting there,
you're eating that, you know? And then
the GLP car goes by, right?
It says, "I can help you out."
Yes. And it's like obviously you've
overe and you're like, "I didn't even
want to eat. That thing's messed up,
right? You're yelling at a car that has
no driver in it." And then it shoots you
with three GLP1 darts in the neck. And
now your wife don't even recognize you
when you get home or whatever. You know,
the fact that you find this so
off-putting, I think is a sign for
optimism.
Yeah.
Like a good point.
You're wired. You're going to be
resistant to that. That's not going to
make you happy. That's not going to make
other people happy. Now, maybe we get
tricked. Like social media tricked us
for a while. We got too addicted to
feeds, whatever. But we realized like
actually this is not helping me be my
best. you know, like doing the
equivalent of getting the like
burrito cannon into my mouth on my phone
at night, like that's not making me
long-term happy,
right?
And that's not helping me like really
accomplish my true goals in life. And I
think if AI does that, people will
reject it. However, if Chhat GBT really
helps you to figure out what your true
goals in life are and then accomplish
those, you know, it says, "Hey, you've
said you want to be a better father or a
better, you know, you want to be in
better shape or you, you know, want to
like grow your business. Um,
if you want, we can change that goal and
I can help you scroll TikTok all night
or, you know, eat the burritos or
whatever and I'll give you the GLP1
shots and I'll make you as healthy as
you can. But like maybe instead I can
try to help convince you you should go
for a run tonight." M
and I think if AI feels like it is
helping you try to accomplish your goals
and be your best that will feel very
different than the last generation of
technology.
Yeah. And you know what and that's where
I'm like and that's where a kid growing
up right now to them that would probably
some young people might be like that
makes the most sense. I'm a little older
generation might be like oh that seems a
little but that's always how things are
generation to generation.
Always how it goes.
Yeah you're right. And maybe this is
just like a quicker evolution of things
and for young people it's going to make
so much sense and for older people it's
and you're just going to be like get off
my you know avatar lawn or something you
know. Um
but that's the way of societal progress.
That's just how it goes.
Good point.
You know it's an interesting time for
business.
Tariff and trade policies are dynamic.
Supply chains are squeezed. And cash
flow is tighter than ever. If your
business can't adapt in real time,
you're in a world of hurt. You need
total visibility from global shipments
to tariff impacts to real-time cash
flow. That's Netswuite by Oracle, your
AI powered business management suite.
Trusted by over 42,000 businesses,
Netswuite is the number one cloud ERP
for many reasons. It brings accounting,
financial management, inventory, HR into
one suite. You have one source of truth,
giving you the visibility and control
you need to make quick decisions.
Netswuite helps you know what's stuck,
what it's costing you, and how to pivot
fast. If I needed this product, this is
what I would use. Netswuite by Oracle,
one of the most trusted companies in the
world. It's one system, full control.
Tame the chaos with Netswuite. If your
revenues are at least in the seven
figures, download the free ebook,
Navigating Global Trade: Three Insights
for Leaders, at netswuite.com.
That's netswuite nesui
t.comtheo.
Um there's there's definitely been a lot
of talk about like tech and governance,
right? And I know we touched on it a
little bit earlier. Um, and there were
people like lobbying in the uh in Trump
had a big beautiful bill for like a
10-year ban on uh state legislation
against AI. Um, what do you think about
that? Like letting it be this rogue
space.
There have to be some rules here. There
has to be some like guidelines. There
has to be some sort of regulation at
some point. I think it'd be a mistake to
let each state do this kind of crazy
patchwork of stuff. I think like one
countrywide approach would be much
easier for us to be able to innovate and
still like have some guardrails, but
there have to be some guardrails.
Do you have you met with governments and
like government leaders to have
discussions like that? Like are they
meeting with you because they might they
Yeah. Yeah, they do meet with us. They
haven't done anything big yet, but
they're talking about it.
Do they meet with you to try to keep
information out of um you guys' data?
we, you know, for all of the paranoia
about that, I don't think we've ever had
someone come say like, I don't want it
to say this negative thing about this
politician or this whatever. Uh
the the concerns are like, what is this
going to do to our kids? You know, are
they going to stop learning? There's a
lot of concerns about that. Um is this
going to spread fake information? Is
this going to influence elections? But
we've never had the like you can't say
bad things about the president, Trump,
or whatever.
Um, what about
bias is a big like they they do want to
know like, you know, if it'll say bad
things about one candidate, it'll say
bad things about the other.
Could you guys make it do one or the
other? Like can you guys favor the back
end or like
We totally could. I mean, we don't, but
we totally could.
You could.
Yeah.
Wow.
Yeah. I think like I
How do we know you How do you like do we
give you guys lie detector tests? Like
how do we know?
We have to like test the system. I mean,
you can anyone can like test the AI and
say if I say this, does it say this? If
I say that. Oh, that's a good point. But
you you touch on a really big point here
which is like hundreds of millions of
people talk to ChachiBT every day and it
probably has like a big impact on
what they believe and so I think
society's interest in making sure that
we are you know a responsible neutral
party should be huge. Now people do test
it a lot and I think that's good but
like we got to be held to a very high
standard there. But how do we like just
as regular people or how do like regular
people just hold you guys to a high
standard? Like is it the I guess it's
politicians responsibility or I mean
these guys are idiots on their like
80year-old dudes giving thumbs up. That
one guy couldn't get the Wi-Fi on.
Remember that guy? That guy couldn't get
the Wi-Fi on. So I'm like how do we
I mean there's a huge amount of people
that test our systems all the time
looking for any errors, any bias, any
anything.
I guess that's a good point is we can
test this.
You can tell. Yeah.
Right. people can test it on this end.
Um,
as as AI grows, like how big do data
centers need to be?
Is that a concern of you guys?
I went recently to one of our new data
centers under construction in Abene,
Texas.
This is about like a approximately 1
gawatt facility. Huge. You know, it'll
be the biggest data center ever built by
the time it's done. And you stand in the
middle of that and the scale of this
project
just hits you. so big. That's like one
little That's like one little part of
it,
dude. That's like eight Costco.
Uh, you know, there's like 5,000 people
there doing construction on it and this
thing is just standing up, making
progress every day.
And you stand in the middle of this.
And are you in a chariot or whatever?
Like, how do you even
You're like in a little ATV.
Oh, okay.
Uh, it's like a dirty kind of
construction site. Um, but it the scale
of this thing and then you kind of go in
every room and you look at all the
cables, the power, the cooling systems,
rack after rack after ser of server of
servers. It's humongous. There's like
they're standing up these like power
plants right in the middle of it.
There's
Oh, yeah.
It's crazy.
It looks It starts to make our planet
look like um a software board, like a
It does. You know, when you see it from
the air, I was really struck by that.
But I was like, "This looks like the
motherboard of a computer."
Yeah, it looks like the motherboard of a
computer. You start to see like how the
planets in like a lot of these like uh
sci-fi movies, a lot of them look have
that R2-D2 look on the outside of them
because they've been
covered in data centers.
Yeah. Which is kind of wild. Do you know
where we're going and you're not telling
us? Do you
I don't I don't.
You promise, dude?
I don't know. I mean, I have all my
guesses. Like I do guess that a lot of
the world gets covered in data centers
over time. Do you really?
But I don't know cuz maybe we put them
in space. Like maybe we build a big
Dyson sphere on the solar system and
say, "Hey, actually makes no sense to
put these on Earth."
Yeah.
I wish I had like more concrete answers
for you,
but like we're stumbling through this.
We maybe, you know, have a little bit
higher confidence than the average
person or can but there's so much we
don't know yet.
No, I that's the craziest thing about
you, Sam. And and I I think this is a
compliment somehow, dear God. And it
Yeah, it is a compliment. You're like
It's like you're like, "Come with me
through the universe." And you're like,
people are like, "What's it like?" And
you're like, "I don't know exactly, but
and then we're all go." It's like we're
all going. It's like, um, I don't know.
You're just somehow the most like uh
you're this like this charming kind of
terminator. It feels like, and I hate to
say Terminator, that's a crazy term, but
like uh but you're this like I'm like,
"Okay, I'm curious. You somehow seem so
optimistic about it. I'm it it adds to
my curiosity." When I was a kid, I
assumed that there were always some
adults in the room. Someone had a plan.
Someone knew everything that was going
to happen. Someone had it all figured
out.
And I sort of think why people like
conspiracy theories is it's nice to
think that someone's got a plan. It's
nice to think someone that
uh, you know, has it all figured out.
And then I got a little bit older and I
sort of started to suspect there are no
adults in the room. No one People have
plans. I have plans, but no one has all
the answers. No one knows where it's all
going to go. Uh, and now that I am the
adult in the room, I can say with
certainty, no one knows where it's all
going to go. Like, I'm the guy in the
room and I have some guesses and I have
some plans. Uh, and we're working really
hard. But like, you know, we try to
always say what we think the
possibilities are,
what we think is most likely. Often
we're right. Sometimes it's in the
broader set. And sometimes it goes in a
totally different direction than
anything we thought. And you know, we
keep trying to make progress, figure out
more. We try to tell people, not just
tell, we try to show people by like
deploying these systems and say, "You
can go use it. Don't just take our word
for it. Try it out. See what it can do."
Yeah.
Um, but like I can say with conviction,
the world needs a lot more processing
power. But if that looks like tiling
data centers on Earth, which I think is
what it looks like in the short term, in
the long term also, or we do go build
them in space, I don't know. It sounds
cool to try to build it in space, but
also really hard.
What about like the environmental
effects of those and stuff? Like there's
been like, you know, there's been
articles written and I don't know how
much of it is real or not real, right?
Because who knows what to believe, but
you'd have to think that, you know, it
takes water to cool them, right? It
takes power to power them. You know, um
there's some in like Arizona and Iowa
that there's been like repercussions
within the environments there in the
communities. uh what and and a lot of
those companies don't have to report
those things because it's considered
proprietary, you know. Um what do you
think about those fears?
Um
or how do you guys manage that? Like do
you guys talk about that? Do you meet
with environmentalists? Like what does
that all look like?
I think we need to get to fusion as fast
as possible.
Get to what?
Nuclear fusion. Uh I think that is the
Oh [__] What is it? where you basically
knock two small atoms together and it
makes a bunch of energy but no carbon,
very clean, doesn't generate, you know,
doesn't really harm the environment and
power can become like abundant and
pretty limitless on Earth and we get out
of all the current problems we're in.
Are you guys investing in that?
We are and I think AI can help us figure
it out even faster. So that's like a,
you know, if you have to like burn a
little bit more gas in the short term,
but you figure out, you know, the future
of energy with that AI, it's a huge win.
And would you guys sell tickets to that
or what do you think that would be like?
Yeah, I think we
are going to watch that [__] I mean,
yeah, people go to monster trucks. You
don't think they'll roll up to watch
those two things hit each other?
The atoms hit each other. It's pretty
hard to watch two atoms hit each other,
but maybe with the, you know, somehow we
can do it.
Or what if they did like those sperm
races where they put them under those
big things or whatever?
I love those sperm races.
Kind of crazy.
I
I'm like, dude, there's enough of that
going on.
Look, I think the
uh Yeah, there will be some way to watch
Fusion. And it'll be awesome and it'll
be like loud and bright and theatrical
and it'll be making huge amounts of
energy. Um even if you can't watch the
two atoms hit, you'll watch them
collectively produce a fireworks. Um
but we're going to need that. Do you
think if we're going to get to
I think so.
If we're going to get to uh AGI or or if
we're going to get to super
intelligence, do we need that?
I bet we can get there without it. But
to provide it at the scale that humanity
will demand it, I think we do need it
because people the the the desire to use
this stuff, people are just going to
want more and more and more. And
eventually like the the two things that
I think matter most, the two kind of
critical inputs are intelligence and
energy. The ability to like have great
ideas, come up with plans and then
energy is the ability to like make them
happen in the world and also to run the
intelligence. And I think the story of
the next couple of decades is going to
be that demand for these goes up and up
and up to crazy heights. And we better
find out how to produce a lot.
Otherwise, someone's going to feel like
they're getting screwed.
Yeah.
Dang, dude. I can't tell if I'm excited
or scared. Maybe I'm both. And maybe
it's all the same.
You have to be both. You have to be
both. I don't know if it's the same
thing or not. I think it is kind of like
they do feel related to me always. Um,
but I don't think anyone
could honestly look at the trajectory
humanity is on and not feel both excited
and scared.
Yeah.
And maybe that's always been the way
throughout time. And also then this is
where we are. What are we going what are
you going to do? You know, like this is
where we are. And so that's what's going
on. Um,
I I saw where you and Joe Rogan spoke
about there possibly being one day like
an AI president, you know, where like
what if you had this one kind of let's
just use the term supercomputer or this
agent that was created that knew all the
information and knew all of the problems
and knew the best ways to solve them.
Um,
I is that do you think that something
like that is becoming more and more
possible one day? I don't know
everything that it takes to be a
president, but I do know it like takes a
lot of things that I don't have to do
and that that people are going to well
maybe I could reframe it to an AI CEO of
OpenAI because I do know what that job
is like.
Okay,
that should be possible someday. Maybe
not even that far. Like I think the idea
to look at an organization to make
really good decisions, there's a lot of
things you can imagine that an AI CEO of
OpenAI could do that I can't I can't
talk to every person at OpenAI every
day. I can't talk to every user of
CHACHT every day. Um I cannot synthesize
all that information even if I could.
But an AI CEO could do that and it would
have better information, more context.
It could, you know, massively
parallelize this. And I think that would
lead to better decisions in many cases.
Yeah. Because wouldn't a supercomputer
something that has all knowledge, which
you think we'll get there?
I do.
You do.
Or I mean all knowledge is a hard thing
to say. I think it will have vast vast
amounts.
Will it be able to tell us about God or
anything? Do you think?
I'm super curious about that. Uh,
I think it will be able to help us
answer questions about the nature of the
universe that we currently can't. And I
feel very confused and very unsatisfied
with our current answers. And there is
clearly, to me at least, something going
on well beyond our current capability to
understand. And I would love to know
what that is.
Do you think it could help us learn
more? Yes.
Would it does I wonder if God has a
chat GBT or whatever or just wonder he
got he has the first one or whatever.
But yeah, I'm just so curious like how
would that work? Um how does how does
Open AI make money?
We sell Chacht. You pay 20 bucks a
month. Some people pay 200, but very few
or relatively few
perverts. I think they are
uh mostly hopefully they're just working
super hard and using it for to be more
productive at their job.
And then we also sell an API
so businesses can use and they like pay
us every time they make an API call.
Okay. Um
do you think uh like there's a lot of
these like kind of tech lords that are
rocking right now, right? And you get
thrown in there, you know,
sometimes I'm like on the periphery.
Yeah.
Yeah. Or you get certainly like Yeah.
like these council these councilmen kind
of like do you think there's bad artists
um amongst like these tech lords in
these in these AI realms? Do you think
there's bad artists out there?
What does bad artist mean?
Just like people that want for evil and
not for good.
I think most people
don't wake up I think very few people
wake up every morning saying I'm going
to try to make the world a worse place
or I'm going to actively try to do evil.
Clearly some do, but I think most of
these people running the big tech
efforts are not in that category. I
think people get blinded by ambition. I
think people get blinded by competition.
I think people
get caught up like very well-meaning
people can get caught up in very
negative incentives. Negative for
society as a whole.
Um, and by the way, I include I include
us in this. Like we can totally get
caught up in we can be very well-meaning
but get caught up in some incentive and
it can lead to a bad outcome. Um, so
that's kind of what I would say. I think
people come in with good intentions.
They clearly sometimes do bad stuff.
There's a lot of talk about like
Palunteer and Peter Teal and their
company about being like a um, you know,
they got a deal with from Trump about to
have this surveillance or not a
surveillance state, but to create a
database on most of uh, America, but I
it starts to feel like a surveillance
state, you know. Um, do you feel like we
will need something like that in order
for uh the future? You know, do you feel
like something like that is included in
the future?
So, I don't know about that
specifically. I I mean, I think
Palanteer and Peter do a lot of great
stuff. Uh, but I again, I can't comment
on this specifically.
I'll say generally I am worried that the
more AI in the world we have the more
surveillance the world is going to want
cuz the tools so powerful the government
will say like how do we know people
aren't using it to make bombs or
bioweapons or whatever
and the answer will be more surveillance
and I'm very afraid of that. So I don't
I think we really have to defend
rights to privacy. I don't think those
are absolute. I'm like totally willing
to compromise some privacy for
collective safety, but history is that
the government takes that way too far
and I'm really nervous about that.
Do you guys feel like the new government
kind of or do you feel like the
government is still like a real thing?
I don't feel like the government anyway.
You don't? when the US government bombed
Iran recently. I remember waking up that
morning and seeing that news or whatever
time it was. Uh,
and I was like, "Oh,
that's what actual power looks like."
You know, that we're in like a maybe
someday we get there. But it was like a
really stark reminder of however
important we think this is. It's like
there are people that have just like
this unimaginable power and might and
can kind of do whatever they want. And
that's definitely not us. Yeah. Yeah. I
think that's been a lot in the Middle
East recently is just like it's just
such a gross displays over there
sometimes of inhumity.
Absolutely.
It's sad. Um what do you think a guy
like then like Palanteer or Peter Teal's
endgame is? Do you think he has an
endgame? Because I think he seems like a
dark lord to a lot of us and it's like
he does you think he has an endgame that
is like happy?
I think Peter is one of the most
brilliant people I've ever met. Uh I
think
Oh, he's smarter than me. That's for
sure.
I think he does get characterized in the
media as this like evil mastermind
as a villain. He does. I never met him.
I met him. I We're very close friends.
Uh I
I should have brought it up then.
No, it's all good. No, no, no, no. It's
all good. I I I don't feel that energy
from him, but I at all like I
in fact I think he's been one of the
most important forces at least in my
life for questioning assumptions about
the path that society was on and maybe I
was like oh I thought this was all going
well but maybe we are in a tax
stagnation and maybe we really do have
this huge economic challenge that no
one's talking about and and so I think
these people who are just very
that think very differently. He would
call it very contrarian is
super important to a society. Now on the
other hand um
you know maybe he
um maybe he sometimes does things like
this that don't do him any favors when
it
you would prefer the human race to
endure, right?
Uh,
you're hesitant.
Well, I Yes.
I don't know. I I would
I would um
This is a long hesitation. So many
longesitation. There's so many questions
and
should the human race survive?
Uh, yes. Okay. But, but
God, I mean, 22 seconds it took him.
Yeah. So if he were if he were maybe
like
a more typical person, he would have
just said an immediate yes and then said
what else he wanted to say. And it took
me a while with him to understand that
his brain just works differently.
And society needs some of that. Like he
has these super different takes and then
he doesn't have maybe the circuit in his
brain that makes him immediately say yes
and then say what he was going to say.
But you know
his processors. Yeah.
I'm very grateful he exists because he
thinks of things no one else does. Yeah,
I you know, yeah, you have you want
there novel thinkers have changed things
throughout time. Sometimes for the
better and sometimes for the worse,
sometimes for the indifferent, but novel
thinkers have have you've always like I
don't know, it's always been part of
humanity.
I'm probably super different and super
weird relative to most people, but you
know, maybe I have some ideas as part of
that that are like valuable to society
collectively. And if I had this sort of
very standard mindset, I wouldn't.
That's a good point.
Yeah. Well, do you think, and I'm just
going to ask you, bro, honestly, do you
think a lot of these guys have I mean,
you know, it's not like, you know, Love
on the Spectrum is like a big show,
right? People, you know, it's like, and
those people are in love [__] Every
half people I know are just, you know,
barely, you know, they're crying in
parking lots or whatever. But, um, you
know, their spousal issues, whatever.
But anyway, what I'm saying is, do you
think that uh some of the creators now
and some of the the tech lords are
almost have some tech built into them?
Like almost a I don't want to say like
an autism, dude, cuz
you couldn't say that.
Okay.
I think so. I mean, yeah. I I you know,
to take the kind of like harshest look
at us collectively, I can, you know, are
we a little autistic on the whole? I I
would say probably.
Okay, dude. I knew that [__]
But that's all right.
No, no, that's what I'm saying. years
ago I was meet first time I ever met
some people with autism I was like dude
these guys are computers right like a
lot of these guys are just you know
they're some they're kind of like a
little bit of a cyborg in some way in
the way that they think right
you know look I'm you are this like
impossibly charming cool guy and I'm
like kind of a lot more computery than
you
not much though
we can have it we can still like
figure it out
yeah and I I really don't mean as an
offense but I think that we may need
that in people to get whatever's next in
the world you You think that's
realistic?
Yeah. I think society needs like this
very broad diversity of people. You need
some people like me. You need some
people who are more normal than me. You
don't want too many of me. But like
Yeah. Yeah. You don't want too many of
anyone thing. Yeah.
Yeah. I'm just always I'm like, "God,
yeah, these people are able to see
things differently and quantify things
differently." Do you always feel
because some tech guys are they just
have a different understanding of
possibility, right? A different
understanding of feeling and thing. Do
you feel human all the time?
I do feel human all the time, but I feel
like I I have noticed that I think
extremely differently about the future,
about exponential change, about
compounding technology than than almost
anybody else that I kind of come across
in regular life. So
that's cool.
I feel extremely human. I feel like, you
know, driven by crazy emotions as much
as anybody. But I am like very aware
that I have a different lens than a lot
of people. Have you met some people in
tech space and you're like, "Whoa, that
guy is only like six or seven%. He's
low. He not a lot of human in it."
Yes.
Yeah. Okay.
Um, do you think it's inevitable that AI
or AGI will merge into our bodies? I
know you've talked about this before in
the past. As things go along and advance
quickly, do you start to see that a
little bit differently? I know you've
talked about how you don't think it's
like a glasses thing or something like
that.
I'll tell you a fascinating story.
Okay. I was with a friend last week
and did I offend you by asking you that?
Not at all. I thought that was a great
answer and I really appreciate it
because yeah, some of us are we can't
conceptualize sometimes how you guys are
thinking. It can't I I can't even like
we feel like we can't figure it out, you
know? So, it feels like it's almost like
a unique it's like are we all evolving
into this new kind of species and that's
where we meet the future at anyway and
you're just like the dang Paul River out
there, you It's like
for better or for worse, it's I think
whenever you see someone who thinks
differently than you, it's like like I'm
fascinated by you. I don't quite
understand how you do your thing. I know
I couldn't do it. I know you like just
understand the world differently than
me, but I think that's cool and I'm just
like all right, I'm glad.
Yeah, that's how I feel.
I think it's just thanks for just
talking to me about it cuz sometimes I
think I get afraid to say that.
I don't think I don't think you should
be afraid. I don't think anybody would
be offended by that. Um, I was talking
to this friend of mine though about how
he uses CHBT and he's been using it a
lot for a couple years now and he
noticed recently that he start he
started giving it personality tests.
He'd upload any personality test he
could find to Chachib and say based on
what you know about me,
answer this. And he had never he had
never like told it here's my
personality. it had just learned it from
the questions he asked over the years
and on everyone he tried it got exactly
the answer and the exactly the outcome
he would get
and so that's not like he didn't get
uploaded he didn't get merged he didn't
plug something into his brain but
somehow like the pattern of him had
gotten imprinted into this AI
wow maybe we're not as complex as we
think we are
or maybe we are and AI can just learn it
really well AI can like represent these
very complex things. One of those two.
But that was a real moment for me of
like, wow, you know, the merge maybe can
happen in a very different way than we
thought.
Yeah. Yeah. Because you think of it as
this thing kind of taking over your
system and like, you know, your dad
presses a button and you can't use the
car, you know, you can't move for a
month or whatever.
Yeah. I think it it kind of has that
sort of energy. Um,
you just you just finished the
acquisition of this a little bit more
like day-to-day business. You just
finished the acquisition of Johnny Ives
um hardware company um
their hardware company. So clearly you
have some like thoughts or
interest in how like hardware and AI
match up for each other in humanity.
What was that about?
There have been two revolutions in
computers in history. There was the
keyboard, mouse and screen. that thing
that was invented down the street in I
think the 70s uh where
you know the people at Xerox Park
figured out what has become the modern
computer interface and then in the early
to mid the early 2000s I guess Apple
figured out this idea of touch on a
device and really those have been the
two big ones.
I think now there can be a third. I
think AI is it so changes the game that
you can design a new kind of computer
based off of a really smart AI where you
can give a complex instruction to a
system. It can go do it. You'll trust
that it gets it right. You'll trust it
to act on your behalf. It could like
maybe be aware of everything going on in
this room and it could like kind of not
just be on or off but like lightly get
our attention if it wants us to know
something or maybe more aggressively get
our attention. It could really be like
following what we're talking about here
and remind us both of things later. Um,
and current hardware just can't do that.
The current kind of computers we have, I
don't think are a fair, they don't honor
what the technology is not really
capable of. So, I want to make a totally
new kind of computer that isn't meant
for this world of AI helping you all the
time. I'm super excited about it.
You are?
Yeah.
Um,
I you guys this thing called agent that
you guys had showed me earlier. I can
take this out if I mention it. I wasn't
supposed to. It was pretty fascinating.
It was cool to see it.
It is. Yeah. This This is a new thing
that we just did. Um, but the idea that
an AI can not just answer questions for
you, but it can go actually do stuff on
your behalf as your agent. It can go do
research for you. It can go book
something for you. It can go buy
something for you. It can go like, you
know, change some things in the world
for you and think more and use tools.
Like
I think most people think of ChachiBT as
this app that you can ask anything, but
it'll become this thing that can do
anything and that'll change how you use
computers. It'll change how you do
things in your life, you know, if you
Yeah, I was watching the guy do it and
it was just kind of fascinating. He was
showing like one time he'd went to like
a website and bought something that he
needed. And then now moving forward, he
could just be like, "Hey, go to this and
make sure to get me these or go to uh go
here and see go to the restaurants I
like and see if there's any table
available for 7:00 p.m. tomorrow." And
it was able to book it and do
everything. It was like having a
secretary right there.
It totally when I first started using
it, I was like, it was one of those
moments where I could tell that, oh man,
doing this the oldfashioned way is going
to feel like the stone age so quickly. M
you know I'm going to like try to tell
people someday like
do you remember when if we wanted to do
something we actually had to go like
click around the internet and like you
know look for a table and then if we
wanted to move it we had to like call
the restaurant and that's going to be
unimaginable because of course you just
tell your AI to do those things for you.
Yeah. Yeah. You feel like you would
almost just tell it to go eat too you
know
that's the fun part.
Yeah. Oh yeah. That's
No one likes booking the table. Everyone
loves sitting there eating.
That's a good point. Huh. Yeah. Yeah. It
won't take away the fun part. That's the
thing I think you got to remember that
it won't take away the fun part.
You're going to do the things you want
to do. There's a lot of things in your
life you probably don't love doing. Like
booking an open table is maybe one of
them.
Yeah. And then you'll have like
oldfashioned be like I'll book it. You
know, you're like, "Dad, what do you
mean? Get off the phone or whatever.
Don't call him you freaking weirdo. Use
a freaking use your agent."
Totally.
Like I'll book it. Um there's there's
like a lot of like you know Zuckerberg
recently like kind of was poaching guys
around town, right? And I'll say it, you
don't have to say it. allegedly. I'm not
saying he did. He hired one of my
buddies. But what I'm saying is um
there's this hypothetical that he was
like kind of poaching guys around town.
Is that did it did that feel like a
mafioso move in the community? What was
that like out here on out here in the uh
tech trenches?
I mean,
you know, they want to get into the AI
game. I understand it. So, and if he's
going to do this, he needs to hire some
people. So, bring it. So, bring it.
So, bring it. Yeah.
[__] yeah, dude. I'm gonna upload myself
into this plant in a second. Okay. No,
but no. Does it do you kind of like the
competition? Is that fun?
It is to It's Yeah, compet Like winning
is fun. Yeah. And I expect to win.
And you got to love the compet. That's
part of it, right? It makes it fun.
I think what it would be like if we
didn't have competition and drama in the
world.
It would be so boring.
Could uh
actually, can I say one more thing about
that? the best improvement I made in my
life in my like personally in my life
and for my own happiness over the last
couple years. A lot of bad [__] has
happened to us. To me, it's been like a
crazy intense experience. And I just
decided that I was going to like learn
to love the hard parts. I was like, you
know what? If I'm in this crazy moment,
if I'm in this like crazy thing, if I
like feel my emotions are high, I'm
going to like make myself learn to be
grateful for that, to love it, to find
enjoyment in the in the tension, in the
competition, whatever. And actually it
worked and it it kind of needed to work
cuz like so many things go wrong in any
given day. But I was like thinking about
you know someday I'll be like retired on
my ranch. I'll be sitting there watching
the plants grow and I'll be missing the
excitement and the drama and the anger
and the tension and the whatever. And so
I'm going to be like grateful for it and
like learn to have fun with it.
And now it like I cannot believe that
that mind shift mindset shift worked but
it did. And were there practices like in
a moment like say like a moment came up
like some of the early ones, right?
Because I agree with you that like
having some mindset like I used to hate
traveling like every week traveling for
work but then one day I was like dude
you have to travel for work.
Deal with it.
You may as well find you may as well
[__] cuz for years you've been just and
right there suddenly it wasn't bad
anymore.
That happened for me too.
Was there like a just a practice or was
it just this verbal reminder like I'm
going to do this.
I just kept saying it to myself.
I was just like someday you'll miss
these moments. you may as well find a
way to like find the
happiness and kind of great gratitude
for them in the moment.
Yeah.
Um, a lot of these guys have bunkers.
Zucky has a bunky. I know that somewhere
out in Hawaii. People have bunkers. Do
you have a bunker?
I have like underground concrete heavy
reinforced basements, but I don't have
anything I would call
Hold on, hold on, hold on, dude. Look,
I'll let you I'll let you keep me on the
ropes in a lot of this conversation, but
I am going to call that out as a dang
bunker, dude. Sam, that's a bunker.
Wasn't there a basement in a bunker? A
one a place you could hide when it all
goes off or whatever.
I No. Yeah, I have been thinking I
should really do a good version of one
of those, but I don't I don't have like
a I don't have what I would call a
bunker, but it has been on my mind. Not
because of AI, but just because of like
people are dropping bombs in the world
again. And you know, like
That's a good point. That's a very good
point. Yeah. Basin right there. Part of
a house building typically used for
storage, laundry, extra living, space,
or utilities. And then bunker built for
protection. Often military or emergency
related myth meant to withstand
explosions.
We don't have that yet. Do you guys do
this just for me or do you use chatbt as
the fact check?
We did this just for you.
I appreciate it.
Um,
this is nice. If could we ever could we
ever have instead of so you start to see
say if AI comes over and there's this
whole new kind of like um you know I
believe that one of the things that's
been happening there's been like a lot
of like ICE raids and people getting
like taken out of their homes and um uh
you know um there's been a lot of
crackdown cuz part of me believes that
they're having to get everybody
documented or online basically because
they're going to start to have this p
like uh this like facial recognition
everywhere. Like I have this idea of
that. So yes, this stuff had to happen
because in in a year or year and a half
you wouldn't even be able to be outdoors
anywhere anywhere without a drone or
something noticing you or some camera
noticing that you're not supposed to be
there or you're not there with
documentation, right? Whatever people's
thoughts are on that. But just so part
of me starts to see like, oh, okay,
that's going on. Do you think we could
ever then down the line have new
countries like delineated by like almost
like a new AI landscape? Like remember
when on Snapchat if you were in a
certain realm you could put like a
filter on something and they almost
created these new like glo like geo
barriers and stuff. Do you think we
could potentially be looking at
something like that one day?
I I know that what you just said is
going to happen. I know that we're going
to have like cameras on, you know, all
over the place and it's going to make
the cities way safer because everybody
like if you commit a crime, they'll have
like a facial recognition hit on you
right away. But man, do I find that
dystopic? Like you do,
of course. Like I, you know, is it like
a good trade if it means like people
stop getting murdered in the streets?
Yeah, sure. We agree to like give up
some privacy for that. But it it sits so
uncomfortably with me, you know, in like
London or whatever. You see those
cameras on every street corner
and you're just like you get used to it
fast.
Yeah.
But you're just like it feels like
privacy is important and and like you
you really are like there's nothing I
can do to live in the world and avoid
all these cameras and maybe it's worth
it for society collectively but it it
it it feels like we really do give up a
lot to get it.
But could there one day you think if we
had that then we could have whole new
countries kind of that were
what do you mean by new countries in
this case?
Like say if there was this new kind of
this new like layer right of sur a
surveillance layer that's kind of in the
in the air
then could that be divided into
different realms? Oh yes, totally. That
can I think there's all kinds of weird
ways that that can happen. But but the
surveillance layer is so uncomfortable.
Oh yeah, it's going to be a nasty
blanket. Um is there anything else that
you wanted to talk about you wanted to
get out that you want me to ask you
about?
No, that was great.
Oh, why are there Why does Chad UBC have
that hyphen thing?
We we got to do something about that.
Um,
you know, we have this team that figures
out what the model's personality should
be like and how it should behave.
Mhm.
And a lot of users like M dashes, so we
added more m dashes. And now I think we
have too many M dashes. But that's the
answer is it was just like users liked
it, we put more in. Now it's like a
little bit of a meme and it's kind of
it's quite annoying to me. We should we
should fix that.
But you're thinking about it, too.
I think we'll get it fixed very soon.
Okay. Uh before you go, Sam, and thank
you so much for your time today. It's
been awesome. We appreciate it, man. Um,
it's helped me get to understand you, I
feel like, a lot. I think maybe
differently than I I don't know if I had
a perception. I didn't know what to
think.
What's the before and after?
Uh, the before was like a little bit
like um
I guess I almost thought kind of like
not as hopeful,
but I don't know why. Maybe that's just
my own I think it's attaching my own
perceptions of what I think about AI and
stuff or the possibilities of
technology, you know, like that kind of
stuff like that energy. I think I was
probably attaching it to you and now I
feel like like more whimsical about it
kind of like um or not whimsical but
like
let's see what can happen,
right? And so I think
I think it's not just let's see, it's
like let's try to make it good but let's
realize that you have to like you don't
get to see all the way down the road.
You kind of got to go one turn at a time
and you like light up a little bit more.
Yeah. Yeah. I think Yeah. I don't know.
I I just I'm really I'm really thankful
for you. Even let me tell you what I
thought what what what I was like
judging and then uh and then sharing
like kind of where I thought what I
thought now. Um in 20 years, what do you
hope your legacy will be?
I you're going to have one.
I mean, yeah. I guess I you certainly
don't
I don't think anyone sits around while
they're in like the middle of the game
thinking about, you know, what the
review is going to be after. At least I
don't. Um and
but this is a big review you'll have.
I have never been that motivated by like
what like I want to like play the game
the best I can. and I want to like, you
know, do the best work I can, have the
most fun, have like have the most
impact, do the most interesting stuff.
But then, you know, you retire and then
you die and then like life goes on and
people as they're supposed to go on with
life and forget about you and this whole
thing of like I'm going to live for how
I'm remembered after I die and my legacy
and like
you're dead, you know?
Do you have one of those deals where you
saving your heart with those people?
What do you mean?
Your brain, sorry, with the people over
there.
Cryionics. You have a Cryionic deal?
No, I uh
Have you been approached about it?
I have been approached by it. There was
like a
That's You haven't even [__]
approached me. I haven't asked for
anything.
There was this like Y company or company
that I like helped out a long time ago
by like giving some small deposit to and
then like I never followed up on it so I
don't have anything in place.
Okay. But maybe a Yeah, maybe just a
down payment somewhere down there. If
things get weird, we'll we'll go knock
on their door. Um yeah, but thank you so
much, man. James Basher says hello. He's
a friend of mine. He's a great guy. And
uh and we just appreciate you so much,
Sam. Thanks for your time.
Thanks for thanks for doing this. I
really enjoyed it.
Thank you for your time today. I thought
it was very informative.
[Music]
And I feel like I must be corner stone.
Oh, but when I reach that ground, I'll
share this piece of mind I found. I can
feel it in my bones.
But it's going to take